RUM-6339 Update docs for Android RUM WebView tracking (#25578)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/web_view_tracking/_index.md

`allowedHosts` matches the given hosts and their subdomain. No regular expression is allowed.

**Note**:

> For our instrumentation to work on the WebView component, it is very important that the javaScript is enabled on the WebView. To enable it, you can use the following code snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for instrumentation to work on the WebView component, it is very important that the JavaScript is enabled on the WebView. To enable it, you can use the following code snippet:
```
